338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_manage-a-data-exporter.md

> ### Attach a data exporter to a Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Attach a data exporter to a $SERVICE_LONG
```

</Procedure>

> ### Monitor Tiger Cloud service metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitor $SERVICE_LONG metrics
```
